0
Moderately Difficult: More than 75% of freshmen were in the top 50% of their high school class and scored over 1010 on the SAT I or over 18 on the ACT; about 85% or fewer of all applicants accepted.

1
Master of Education, Master of Music, Master of Arts, Master of Science, Master of Science in Nursing

2
Doctor of Philosophy

3

A portion of the College Profile data is provided under license by:
Peterson's Undergraduate and Undergraduate Financial Aid Databases, copyright © 2020 Peterson's, a Nelnet company. All rights reserved.


4
© 2020 1st Financial Bank USA

5
CollegeData is a member of the NationalAssociation for College Admission Counseling and subscribes to theStatement of Principles of Good Practice

6
 

7
Log in to see all of your saved colleges, scholarships, articles, profiles and searches in one place. Access your Dashboard from any page.

8
Log in with Email

9
Log in with Username

10
Sign Up for your free account.

11
Log in to save this scholarship to your Data Locker.Not signed up? Click the "Tell Me More" button to learn more about the Data Locker and how to get your free CollegeData account.

12
This CollegeData College Profile has been sent to the addresses you requested.

13
Just provide the information below to learn about the colleges you're interested in. We request this information to help us customize and improve the site. To avoid seeing this pop-up again, we invite you to register - it's FREE! - to use CollegeData. You will then have full access to the site's tools and content.

14
Already registered?

15
Log in so the pop-up will no longer appear. 

16
By providing the information above, logging in or continuing, you agree to CollegeData’s Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.

17
Download our mobile app, CollegeData Deadlines, to help you remember important college application deadlines.

18
Just provide the information below to learn about the colleges you're interested in. We request this information to help us customize and improve the site. To avoid seeing this pop-up again, we invite you to register - it's FREE! - to use CollegeData. You will then have full access to the site's tools and content.

19
Already registered?

20
Log in so the pop-up will no longer appear. 

21
By providing the information above, logging in or continuing, you agree to CollegeData’s Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.

22
Download our mobile app, CollegeData Deadlines, to help you remember important college application deadlines.

23
CollegeData is committed to supporting you on your path to college, providing you with a responsible, reliable service to help you fulfill your college dreams.

24
CollegeData is a service of 1st Financial Bank USA. 

25
Four of the best ways to earn CollegeData Dollars:

26
CollegeData Dollars (CD$) are points you earn by completing certain CollegeData activities. The maximum number of CD$ you can redeem is 5000. Once you have earned at least 2500 CD$, you can redeem them for $25, which will be provided to you on a Loyalty Card, and once you earn another 2500 CD$, you can redeem those CD$ for a second $25, which will also be provided to you on a Loyalty Card.

27
Complete certain CollegeData activities (for example, signing up, starting your Admissions Profile, searching for colleges, calculating your chances for admission, searching for scholarships, updating your Profile with your admission decisions). Each activity is worth a specific amount of points (CD$). You can redeem the points you earn for U.S. Dollars that will be issued to you in the form of a 1st Financial Bank USA Loyalty Mastercard®.

28
You can earn CD$ by completing certain CollegeData activities. As soon as you sign up and activate your CollegeData account, explore CollegeData and begin completing CollegeData activities to earn points.

29
Here is a full list of CollegeData activities for which you may earn CD$ and the number of CD$ you can earn by completing each activity.*

30
* CD$ you earn will expire if your CD$ Program account is inactive. An account will be inactive if no CD$ are earned and no CD$ are redeemed in any 12 consecutive calendar month period.

31
These Terms and Conditions govern your participation in the CollegeData Dollars program ("CD$ Program" or "Program") that is available at collegedata.com, a service provided by 1st Financial Bank USA ("Bank," "we," "our" or "us"). By accepting these Terms and Conditions, you agree to them and all terms incorporated herein by reference. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you may not participate in the Program.

32
The CD$ Program is a loyalty rewards program for your personal use only. Commercial use is prohibited. To be eligible to participate in the CD$ Program, you must be at least 16 years of age, a high school sophomore, junior or senior or college freshman, and a U.S. citizen or permanent U.S. resident with a U.S. mailing address. Eligibility criteria may change at any time in our sole and exclusive discretion. If you are between the age of 16 and the age of majority in your state of residence, you may only participate in the CD$ Program with the consent and supervision of your parent or legal guardian. The program is not intended for or targeted to anyone under the age of 16.

33
If you are between age 16 and majority age in your state of residence, your parent or guardian must acknowledge and agree to these Terms and Conditions and to any changes or modifications we may make to them. You (or, if you are between age 16 and majority age in your state of residence, your parent or guardian) should review these Terms and Conditions to understand the terms and conditions that apply to the CD$ Program as they may change from time to time. These Terms and Conditions do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with the Bank for other products and services. To understand how the Bank collects, uses and discloses information about CollegeData users, please review our Privacy Policy

34
There is no charge for your enrollment and participation in the CD$ Program. There are no participation or other fees associated with the Program. To enroll and participate in the Program, you must sign up for CollegeData at www.collegedata.com, satisfy the Program eligibility requirements, check the box indicating that you intend to participate in the Program, and agree to these Terms and Conditions. When you sign up for CollegeData, you must provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself and must maintain and promptly update such information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, manipulative, not current or incomplete, or if we, in our sole discretion, suspect that any such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we reserve the right to suspend, terminate or decline your participation in the CD$ Program.

35
You may have only one CD$ Program account that is personal to you and up to three CD$ Program accounts may be associated with the same U.S. mailing address.

36
CollegeData Dollars are points (these points are hereinafter referred to as "CD$") you may earn after you enroll in the CD$ Program by completing specific activities listed on collegedata.com ("Eligible CD$ Activities"). CD$ are not U.S. Dollars or any foreign currency of any kind. One CD$ may be redeemed for $.01, provided you have at least 2500 CD$ at the time of redemption. Please see Section 4 of this Agreement for more details on how to redeem your CD$ for U.S. Dollars. CD$ you earn will expire if they are not redeemed in a timely manner as set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement. Eligible CD$ Activities and the number of CD$ that you may earn for each activity you complete are available at collegdata.com. The Eligible CD$ Activities and the number of CD$ you may earn for each activity are subject to change by the Bank, at any time, without notice from, or liability to, us.

37
The CD$ you earn are personal to you and may not be sold, transferred or assigned to, or shared with family, friends or anyone else.

38
You can view, track and redeem the CD$ you earn at www.collegedata.com.

39
Once you earn 2500 CD$, you are eligible to redeem them for U.S. Dollars that will be provided to you in the form of a Bank-issued loyalty card or virtual loyalty card ("Loyalty Card") that you can use, subject to the Loyalty Card Agreement, to make purchases wherever Mastercard® debit cards are accepted in the United States. One CD$ is worth $.01 when it is redeemed.

40
The monetary value of the CD$ you redeem for U.S. Dollars may be considered taxable income from the Bank in the tax year in which you redeem them pursuant to U.S. tax law.

41
CD$ YOU EARN BUT DO NOT REDEEM WILL EXPIRE IF YOUR CD$ PROGRAM ACCOUNT IS INACTIVE. YOUR CD$ PROGRAM ACCOUNT WILL BE INACTIVE IF NO CD$ ARE EARNED AND IF THE CD$ YOU HAVE EARNED ARE NOT REDEEMED IN ANY 12 CONSECUTIVE CALENDAR MONTH PERIOD.

42
Note: Loyalty Cards and the funds underlying those cards expire at a different time and under different circumstances than the CD$ you earn but do not redeem.

43
A LOYALTY CARD ISSUED TO YOU TO REDEEM CD$ FOR U.S. DOLLARS PURSUANT TO THE CD$ PROGRAM AND YOUR RIGHT TO USE THE FUNDS UNDERLYING THE CARD WHEREVER MASTERCARD DEBIT CARDS ARE ACCEPTED IN THE UNITED STATES WILL EXPIRE ON THE DATE THAT APPEARS ON THE FRONT OF THE CARD.

44
Subject to applicable law, there is no right to cash redemption associated with the funds on any Loyalty Card. For more information about the expiration of Loyalty Cards, including the funds underlying those cards, see Loyalty Card Agreement.

45
We reserve the right in our sole and absolute discretion to change, cancel or modify any aspect of these Terms and Conditions or the CD$ Program at any time and in any way. We also reserve the right in our sole and absolute discretion to terminate your participation in the CD$ Program and decline your future participation in the Program for any violation of these Terms and Conditions, taking any action that is inconsistent with the intent of these Terms and Conditions, or any fraudulent, potentially fraudulent, deceptive, or unusual behavior or activity in connection with the Program.

46
In the event that your participation in the CD$ Program is terminated, all of your earned and unredeemed CD$ will be null and void.

47
Any change, cancellation or modification to these Terms and Conditions or the CD$ Program will be effective immediately upon posting the change, cancellation or modification at www.collegedata.com. You waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications.

48
By participating in the CD$ Program, you may periodically receive email from us. You may opt out of receiving marketing email at any time but may not opt out of receiving operational emails related to your participation in the CD$ Program, such as requesting that you validate your email address or confirming your CD$ Program account activity.

49
These Terms and Conditions complement and incorporate by reference the Loyalty Card Agreement. The Loyalty Card Agreement governs the Loyalty Cards issued to you pursuant to the CD$ Program. In the event of a conflict between the Loyalty Card Agreement and these Terms and Conditions, the terms and conditions set forth in the Loyalty Card Agreement govern.

50
Your CD$ are not valid unless earned in strict compliance with these Terms and Conditions. You may not earn or attempt to earn CD$ by any means that only simulate compliance with these Terms and Conditions, such as by using any script, bot, data mine or other automated means. CD$ earned other than in strict compliance with these Terms and Conditions or by any means that only simulate compliance with these Terms and Conditions are null and void.

51
These Terms and Conditions are subject to the laws of South Dakota.

52
Except for our willful misconduct, by participating in the CD$ Program, you release us and our officers, directors, affiliates, employees and agents ("Released Parties") from any and all liability for any loss, harm, damages, cost or expense arising out of or in any way connected to the CD$ Program or these Terms and Conditions.

53
Subject to any limitation under applicable law on your liability to the Released Parties arising from participation in the CD$ Program, you agree to indemnify and hold the Released Parties from and against any and all claims, suits, damages, judgments, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees) arising out of or in any way connected to the CD$ Program or these Terms and Conditions.

54
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions or the CD$ Program, please contact us at www.collegedata.com/en/contact-us

55
Are you interested in learning how you can qualify for a Personal Invitation to apply for a Student Credit Card?

56
Have you already received your Personal Invitation to apply for a Student Credit Card?

57
For Students Age 18 or Older

58
Registered users can choose to never see this message.

